Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
My family were killed in a hit and run
by the same guy who took Sean.
I'm Sean fucking Wallace.
I'm sorry. son. Sean's dead. Billy.
No. no. no. no!
Find them. They can't have got far.
We are taking you to London.
I was offered a better deal.
- By who?
- An old friend.
No.
Congratulations.
We can keep him safe for you.
What exactly is it you need me to do?
Someone is involved
in swapping one ton of clean cocaine
for a product laced with fentanyl.
You find that clean cocaine.
you find the people that did this.
I'm working with Elliot Carter.
Tell me you didn't get him out of custody.
Elliot has made more
progress in one day
than the police have all week.
I recognise that logo.
It was on some files Naomi had.
Naomi as in your wife?
Samuel. are you okay. darling?
What's wrong?
It's night-man.
He's out there in the garden.
Darling... I saw him. He's outside again.
Okay. darling. I'll check.
There's no one there.
It must have been a dream.
Me and your dad would never
let anything bad happen to you.
I promise.
Where is dad?
He's away working.
He'll be home as soon as he can.
- I love you.
- I love you too.
Check again.
Check again he's not out there.
Please.
Okay. but then straight to sleep.
Nope.
All clear.
No one there.
Night. darling.
I told you not to come
here again. Johnny.
I'm sorry. Your phone was off.
You scared Samuel.
I think they know.
- Why?
- I don't know.
Sometimes it just feels
like I'm being followed.
Are you taking your medication?
Johnny.
Just stick to the plan.
I need that information.
It'll be okay.
I promise.
This is fucked up. He wouldn't
just disappear without telling us.
Well. he has. There must be a reason.
His car's not here and there's no answer.
This is where he said he was going.
Call him again.
His phone's off. I've
left a dozen messages.
Fucking hell. Saba.
Look at this.
You never should have trusted him.
Help!
Talk to me!
Hello! I just want to talk to you.
Help!
Shh.
The person you are
calling is unavailable.
Please leave your
message after the tone.
It's me. I have him here.
Let me know what time you're coming.
Take them to the belgravia house.
And make sure they're taken care of.
Right. You.
Get the product back to the factory.
And you.
Get everyone out there looking for Elliot.
I want him found and I want him killed.
Get on with it.
Fuck. Fuck.
Dad.
- Do we really have to kill him?
- We have no choice.
I'll call you later.
All right.
Shannon. Hey.
Yeah?
Come on. Elliot wouldn't
do this. You know it.
Why would he spike his own cocaine?
He's being framed.
I don't wanna believe it either. But
I've known Elliot longer than you have.
He lied his way into my life
and from what we've just
seen in there. he's still lying.
Elliot's betrayed us all. So...
Whatever happens from
now on is his own doing.
Welcome back to London.
Has our problem been dealt with?
Trust me. Elliot Carter
will be taken care of.
I hope so. For all our sakes.
I've been trying to call you.
Where is he?
Inside. Tied up.
Like you asked.
Kill him.
For you.
We couldn't have done
any of this without you.
Thanks for bringing
me in on this. old friend.
I'll see you in two days.
You will.
I need you here.
Watching my back.
Will you do that. Billy?
White pudding roll. Mimi.
I remembered it's your favourite.
Ed dumani phoned.
It seems Elliot Carter was behind
the spiking and he's gone to ground.
Someone must know where he is.
Take some men off the search for luan.
Get out and find him.
Liam. a word.
The last time Billy had
Elliot. he let him get away.
I won't let that happen this time.
Elliot's got too close to
the truth. He needs to go.
What do you want to do with the body?
Dump it somewhere where it'll be found.
We want everyone to know he's dead.
And after that's done.
we're gonna have to cut ties.
So don't contact us again.
You'll be well paid.
Enough for you to disappear.
It's not about the money.
I'm not going anywhere.
Elliot's seen your face.
He's been looking for you.
Yeah. when he's dead.
that won't be a problem.
You're not listening to me.
He's been showing your picture around
saying that you killed his wife and son.
They were killed when
a truck ran into them.
- How long have you known this?
- We've just found out.
So you are gonna go in there.
You're gonna kill him.
And then you're gonna
get the fuck out of London.
No.
Why? Why? Why?
Why did you kill them?
Why did you kill my family?
Tell me!
I didn't know your boy
was gonna be in the car.
I just did what I was paid to do.
They were both still alive when I left.
Fuck you!
I'm supposed to kill you.
But I'm not going to.
Make sure you remember that.
What's going on. Billy?
What's up?
I have just heard back
from the pm's office.
He can fit us in tomorrow.
Okay. Okay.
But they do know that
this needs to be kept quiet?
We can't have the
gangs getting wind of this
- before we announce.
- Of course.
Okay. And if approved.
it's imperative that we
move quickly on this.
Once the gangs find out that we're
legalising drugs. they're gonna fight back.
Yeah. the pm's been briefed on all of it.
- You just need to sell it.
- Okay.
Okay.
Elliot Carter was supposed to be in
touch by now. I haven't heard from him.
Maybe it's for the best
that he just disappears.
Hey. let's just focus on
the task in hand for now.
Yeah.
Faz. we're gonna have a little party.
Come on. help yourself.
Bill. what's going on?
Go on. Fill your boots. mate.
Bruv.
- Bill...
- I have to warn you. though.
Some of these lines
here. they're filled with
that poison shit that
your lot put out there.
- What?
- So I'd choose wisely.
Now. Where is he?
Where is he hiding?
I swear I don't know where Elliot is.
I don't know where he is.
Choose a fucking line.
Do it right fucking now
or we'll blow your fucking head off!
Do it now!
Good gear. innit?
- Fuck's sake. Billy.
- Now choose another one.
Let me go.
I don't know where Elliot is.
This is your last fucking
chance. I'm warning you.
If I knew where he was I'd tell you.
Faz. do it fucking now!
Take a fucking line!
Fucking do it!
- Billy.
- Where is he?
Billy.
Shannon.
Dad...
- We could have a problem.
- What?
It's Elliot. he...
He got free.
Does he know it was us?
I'm not sure.
I think he might've seen
me. but I can't be certain.
Then you can't stay at your house.
Go home. pack a bag. get
Danny. I'll come and get you.
Take you somewhere safe.
Yeah. Okay.
I'll see you soon.
Fuck!
Please leave your
message after the tone.
Where the hell are you and
what happened with Elliot?
Call me as soon as you get this.
The principle focus of your
argument should be how legalisation
will combat organised crime by
cutting off its main source of revenue.
Legalisation will be delivering
the crime gangs its fatal blow.
I like that. Fatal blow.
I've got a meeting I couldn't
cancel. but I'll be back straight after.
- Okay. Sure.
- I had a thought.
Say "no" if you think it's too...
Sentimental.
As a shorthand.
why don't we name this
policy Jermaine's law?
I mean. your brother
was a victim of gang crime.
Exactly what this law
is designed to deal with.
But if you think it's too much.
No.
No. I like it.
Look
I realise how difficult
this has been for you.
With Jermaine... And staying clean and...
Everything.
And I'm always here for you.
You know that. right?
Yep.
It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay.
You're home.
Yeah.
Your granddad's on his way over.
I want you to go upstairs and pack a bag.
- Where are we going?
- It's a surprise.
Go on. Do it now. He'll be here soon.
Okay.
Nice to see you. Henry.
You were always a loyal friend to Nasir.
And now to me. too.
It's good to see you. too.
Ed and I were pleased to hear
about your progress on legalisation.
I have to ask...
Can you deliver on our arrangement?
Always.
I knew we could count on you.
Please. I don't know anything. I swear.
If I knew where he was.
I would tell you. I don't.
I swear Elliot's fucked me over as well.
Billy. I swear man. Please!
You want me to finish this?
Please don't!
- Don't kill me. Billy!
- Billy has this.
Billy. please. man!
What is this for. Billy?
I'll come work for you.
Billy. I'll do anything but
anything. I swear. Billy!
Billy. please! Please. Billy!
Please. Billy. Please.
please. please. Billy.
don't do this. man!
Please. Billy.
Let him go.
Billy... I said let him go.
Thank you. Billy. Thank you. Billy.
Thank you. Billy. Thank you.
You're free to go. faz.
Thank you. Billy. I
swear I won't forget this.
I won't. I promise. I swear.
Thank you. Billy. Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you.
- Well?
- We haven't found him yet.
But I killed faz. And
I've put the word out.
I'll be killing someone from
every single fucking gang
until Elliot is handed over to us.
Danny. Danny?
You need to hurry up.
Granddad will be here soon!
Shannon.
Let's sit you down.
Okay.
Elliot. take a...
Big. deep breath for me. All right?
Leave it.
That's it.
Stay there. Back in two seconds.
Ready?
No... What the fuck happened. Elliot?
We found the clean
coke at your dad's house.
No. I was set up.
- You just need to keep really still.
- You have to believe me!
He was there waiting for me.
Who was there? Who?
- Who?
- The guy.
The one that was there when
Naomi and Samuel were killed.
He planted the coke.
- He did this?
- No. there was someone else.
A woman. I think.
Well. at least you got away.
No.
He let me go.
He just let me go.
You have to. Please.
You have to believe me.
Please.
I do.
- Okay.
So look at me. I don't want this wound
to get infected. So I'm gonna go upstairs.
I'm gonna get my... My first aid kit. Yeah?
And I'm gonna sort you out.
- Yeah?
- Okay.
Okay.
I'll be back in a sec.
Danny. get in your room.
Fuck.
Get in quick.
Come on!
Come on. or you're dead.
Come!
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-